README.md, before:

# wonderlust

This is wonderlust a travel exploration program. Think tinder meets pinterest.

Lets users explore travel plans through a curated cities featuring high-quality pictures to create a fun visual browsing experience. 


Use-Cases:
1. Amy is traveling on the caltrain and imagines traveling to a new city. She pulls out her phone and begins to look for a city shed like to explore.

2. Upon selecting London for the first time, she will find out how many places are avaialble in what categories. If she comes back having already selected venues, she will find a count here of how many venues she has already picked.

3. Caroline swipes through a set of great looking city places shed like to visit. Looking through the city, she find a few places she isn't interested and swipes left. As soon as she swipes right, the place is added to her list for that city.

Created as part of [codepath for iOS PMs and UX Fall 2015](https://courses.codepath.com/courses/ios_for_designers/pages/bootcamp_structure)


Demo Script
Start typing C, o (TODO: get this to work)

select Copenhagen

swipe right 1st card (TODO: add shadows to each card, partially done)
swipe right 2nd card
tap for detail on 3rd card 
tap to come back (TODO: should come back to the card currently selected)
swipe left 4th card (cancel)

tap map icon

tap list icon

swipe top menu all the way right (TODO fix bug, currently stops at venue picker)

profile should show copenhagen

tap on feed icon

FIN

Commit message:

search city now works with typing, back on venue detail sort of works

README.md, after:

# wonderlust

This is wonderlust a travel exploration program. Think tinder meets pinterest.

Lets users explore travel plans through a curated cities featuring high-quality pictures to create a fun visual browsing experience. 


Use-Cases:
1. Amy is traveling on the caltrain and imagines traveling to a new city. She pulls out her phone and begins to look for a city shed like to explore.

2. Upon selecting London for the first time, she will find out how many places are avaialble in what categories. If she comes back having already selected venues, she will find a count here of how many venues she has already picked.

3. Caroline swipes through a set of great looking city places shed like to visit. Looking through the city, she find a few places she isn't interested and swipes left. As soon as she swipes right, the place is added to her list for that city.

Created as part of [codepath for iOS PMs and UX Fall 2015](https://courses.codepath.com/courses/ios_for_designers/pages/bootcamp_structure)


Demo Script
Start typing C, o

select Copenhagen

swipe right 1st card
swipe right 2nd card
tap for detail on 3rd card 
tap to come back (TODO: this works, except slides right/left, not up/down)
swipe left 4th card (cancel)

tap map icon

tap list icon

swipe top menu all the way right

profile should show copenhagen

tap on feed icon

FIN
